README.md, before:

# Phraya Pichai Muay Thai Boxing Cwmbran

screenshot place holder for the site picture after it has been ran through the am i responsive site.

live project place holder

This website has been made for a real Muay Thai boxing camp in my local area Cwmbran, I used to be a part of this camp and have known the instructor for a good number of years, I thought a website would benefit the camp so i approached the instructor who agreed that they would benefit.

---

## Table of contents

* [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
    * [Intended Audience](#intended-audience)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)

* [Design](#design)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    * [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
    * [Typography](#typography)
    * [Imagery](#imagery)

---

## User Experience (UX)

This site has been designed and developed mobile first due to the bootstrap framework being a mobile first framework.

The idea for this site was the result of a brainstorming session and the desire to work on a real world project, i used to attend the camp and always used to think that it could have done with a website for scheduling and payment methods. After getting in contact with the instructor he was very enthusiastic and supportive of the project also to bring new light to the camp. The motivation behind the site will be to have easy access to the club schedule, pricing and information on how to join.

### Intended Audience

* Current camp members
* People that want to get fit
* People looking to learn Muay Thai Boxing
* People looking for a new hobby
* Someone looking to join a club / camp 
* Someone that wishes to fight in a controlled competition environment
* Someone that is looking to learn self-defense
* Finally someone that is looking to gain confidence and improve mental health.

### User Stories

* Client goals
    * To give the club more exposure 
    * To let people know more about thai boxing in general
    * To give people the information they need to join
    * To let people know about the history of the camp
    * Possibly kit purchase at a later release
    * Membership payments at a later release
    * Facilities list

* First time visitor goals
    * To find out information about and benefits of thai boxing
    * To find out how to join the camp
    * To find out the camps schedule
    * To find out the camps prices and how to pay
    * To see what facilities they would be able to use as part of the camp or at the site

* Return visitor goals
    * To introduce others to the camp I.E referrals
    * To check the schedule
    * To make membership payments on a later release
    * To purchase kit on a later release
    * To check what facilities they would be able to use as part of the camp or at the site
    * To look at or show off the gallery

* Frequent visitor goals
    * To check for any updates to the schedule
    * To introduce others to the camp I.E referrals
    * To make membership payments on a later release
    * To purchase kit on a later release
    * To look at or show off the gallery

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

[Back to top](#phraya-pichai-muay-thai-boxing-cwmbran)

---

## Design

### Wireframes

The wireframes i created for this site were from the [Balsamiq program](https://balsamiq.com/)

(click the arrows to drop the pictures of the wireframes)

<details>
<summary>Home page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Home page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20home%20mobile.png)
![Home page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20home.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Schedule page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Schedule page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20schedule%20mobile%20fixed.png)
![Schedule page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20schedule.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Facilities page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Facilities page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20facilities%20mobile.png)
![Facilities page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20facilities.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Gallery page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Gallery page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20gallery%20mobile%20fixed.png)
![Gallery page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20gallery.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Contact page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Contact page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20contact%20mobile.png)
![Contact page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20contact.png)

</details>

### Colour Scheme

### Typography

### Imagery

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

[Back to top](#phraya-pichai-muay-thai-boxing-cwmbran)

---

Commit message:

Add warning about balsamiq program link

README.md, after:

# Phraya Pichai Muay Thai Boxing Cwmbran

screenshot place holder for the site picture after it has been ran through the am i responsive site.

live project place holder

This website has been made for a real Muay Thai boxing camp in my local area Cwmbran, I used to be a part of this camp and have known the instructor for a good number of years, I thought a website would benefit the camp so i approached the instructor who agreed that they would benefit.

---

## Table of contents

* [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
    * [Intended Audience](#intended-audience)
    * [User Stories](#user-stories)

* [Design](#design)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    * [Colour Scheme](#colour-scheme)
    * [Typography](#typography)
    * [Imagery](#imagery)

---

## User Experience (UX)

This site has been designed and developed mobile first due to the bootstrap framework being a mobile first framework.

The idea for this site was the result of a brainstorming session and the desire to work on a real world project, i used to attend the camp and always used to think that it could have done with a website for scheduling and payment methods. After getting in contact with the instructor he was very enthusiastic and supportive of the project also to bring new light to the camp. The motivation behind the site will be to have easy access to the club schedule, pricing and information on how to join.

### Intended Audience

* Current camp members
* People that want to get fit
* People looking to learn Muay Thai Boxing
* People looking for a new hobby
* Someone looking to join a club / camp 
* Someone that wishes to fight in a controlled competition environment
* Someone that is looking to learn self-defense
* Finally someone that is looking to gain confidence and improve mental health.

### User Stories

* Client goals
    * To give the club more exposure 
    * To let people know more about thai boxing in general
    * To give people the information they need to join
    * To let people know about the history of the camp
    * Possibly kit purchase at a later release
    * Membership payments at a later release
    * Facilities list

* First time visitor goals
    * To find out information about and benefits of thai boxing
    * To find out how to join the camp
    * To find out the camps schedule
    * To find out the camps prices and how to pay
    * To see what facilities they would be able to use as part of the camp or at the site

* Return visitor goals
    * To introduce others to the camp I.E referrals
    * To check the schedule
    * To make membership payments on a later release
    * To purchase kit on a later release
    * To check what facilities they would be able to use as part of the camp or at the site
    * To look at or show off the gallery

* Frequent visitor goals
    * To check for any updates to the schedule
    * To introduce others to the camp I.E referrals
    * To make membership payments on a later release
    * To purchase kit on a later release
    * To look at or show off the gallery

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

[Back to top](#phraya-pichai-muay-thai-boxing-cwmbran)

---

## Design

### Wireframes

The wireframes i created for this site were from the [Balsamiq program](https://balsamiq.com/) (Warning, this link will take you away from the page)

(click the arrows to drop the pictures of the wireframes)

<details>
<summary>Home page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Home page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20home%20mobile.png)
![Home page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20home.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Schedule page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Schedule page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20schedule%20mobile%20fixed.png)
![Schedule page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20schedule.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Facilities page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Facilities page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20facilities%20mobile.png)
![Facilities page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20facilities.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Gallery page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Gallery page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20gallery%20mobile%20fixed.png)
![Gallery page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20gallery.png)

</details>

<details>
<summary>Contact page for mobile and desktop</summary>
<br>

![Contact page wireframe for mobile](assets/images/muay%20thai%20contact%20mobile.png)
![Contact page wireframe for desktop](assets/images/muay%20thai%20contact.png)

</details>

### Colour Scheme

### Typography

### Imagery

[Table of contents](#table-of-contents)

[Back to top](#phraya-pichai-muay-thai-boxing-cwmbran)

---
